Docs and block-template improvements (#194)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: site/src/_pages/docs/1_developing-blocks.mdx

## Almost-as-quick start

> Blocks are discrete components of functionality. You can write them using React, a ready-made library for writing components.

Reviewer: I think we still haven't cracked the first-sentence's wording. Is a divider block really providing **functionality**, or is it a stylistic element introduced to improve visual comprehension and/or symbolize separation?

```suggestion
Blocks are discrete components that render information or provide functionality. You can create them using any web technology or framework.
```

> If you need it, here’s [an intro to React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most of our examples, we use _React_, a ready-made library for writing components. If you need it, here’s [an intro to React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html).
```

> Note: you can also define blocks in other ways - we are exploring alternative approaches and will expand our guidance. This guide describes how to write them in React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: you can define blocks in other ways and aren't limited to using React. Although the docs currently only describe how to create blocks using React, we'll be adding other examples soon.
```
